Fast Pair documentation improvements (#13229)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/external_comp/bt_fast_pair.rst

See the official `Fast Pair Model Registration`_ documentation for information on how to register the device and obtain the Model ID and Anti-Spoofing Public/Private Key pair.
Alternatively, you can use the debug Model ID and Anti-Spoofing Public/Private Key pair obtained by Nordic Semiconductor for the development purposes.
See the following samples and applications for details about the debug Fast Pair Providers registered by Nordic:

* the :ref:`fast_pair_input_device` sample
* the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application

.. _ug_bt_fast_pair_provisioning_register_device_type:

Device type
-----------

When registering the device in the Google Nearby Devices console, go to the **Fast Pair** protocol configuration panel, and in the **Device Type** field select an option that matches your application's use case.
The chosen device type also determines the optional feature set that you can support in your use case.
You declare support for each feature by selecting the **true** option.

.. note::
   Ensure you make an informed decision when selecting the device type, as it has a significant impact on the Fast Pair Seeker behavior in relation to your Provider's device.

> The Fast Pair standard implementation in the |NCS| actively supports the following device types and use cases:
> 
> * Input device (see the :ref:`fast_pair_input_device` sample)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fast Pair standard implementation in the |NCS| actively supports the Input device type (see the :ref:`fast_pair_input_device` sample) and its use cases.
```
Since it is just a single entry. You can leave it as is if you plan to add more to this list.

Author: Discussed offline. Let's leave as it is since we expect more samples and device types to be supported soon

You must enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR` Kconfig option to support the Google Fast Pair standard in your project.

An application can communicate with the Fast Pair subsystem using API calls and registered callbacks.
The Fast Pair subsystem uses the registered callbacks to inform the application about the Fast Pair related events.

The application must register the callbacks before it starts to operate as the Fast Pair Provider and advertise Bluetooth LE packets.
To identify the callback registration functions in the Fast Pair API, look for the ``_register`` suffix.
Set your application-specific callback functions in the callback structure that is the input parameter for the ``..._register`` API function.
The callback structure must persist in the application memory (static declaration), as during the registration, the Fast Pair module stores only the memory pointer to it.

The standard Fast Pair API (without extensions) currently supports the :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_info_cb` function (optional) for registering application callbacks.

The standard Fast Pair (without extensions) does not require registration of any callback type, meaning all callbacks are optional.

> Apart from the callback registration, no additional operations are needed to integrate the standard Fast Pair implementation.

Reviewer 2: Discussed offline. We can leave as is.

.. caution::
   If the factory reset operation constantly fails due to an error in the custom user reset action, the system may never be able to properly boot-up.

During the custom user reset action, you can safely delete additional non-volatile data that are not owned by the Fast Pair modules.
A typical use case is to delete Bluetooth bonding information using either the :c:func:`bt_unpair` or the :c:func:`bt_id_reset` function.

.. rst-class:: numbered-step

.. _ug_bt_fast_pair_use_case:

Tailoring protocol for specific use case
****************************************

The specific use case of the Google Fast Pair application is indicated by the chosen device type in the Google Nearby Devices console (see the :ref:`ug_bt_fast_pair_provisioning_register_device_type` subsection).
Different use cases may require implementation of additional guidelines for your accessory firmware or specific configuration of your device model in the Google Nearby Devices console.
These requirements typically help to improve user experience or security properties for the chosen use case.

> Please consult the official `Fast Pair`_ documentation to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, see the official `Fast Pair`_ documentation.
```
